hello this is Erin Turpin from Erin on
autos comm this is you're driving in
Wyoming podcast today is going to be a
little bit different than usual because
today we're talking about a car that is
decidedly not the norm in Wyoming we're
talking first about a convertible which
is unusual here we're also talking about
a Volkswagen Beetle turbo I've described
this card before as a poor-man's Porsche
which is a very good description because
that's what it is this is a fast fast
little car whatever you might have
expected from the new Volkswagen Beetle
turbo convertible you probably did not
think as of a way to get girls this car
is just manly enough to keep guys like
us happy on the road but it's girlie
enough to attract the women the 2013
beetle was redesigned to become a little
more masculine as VW puts it it has a
lower stance a wider profile and it's a
much sporty or drive the turbo engine
puts out whopping 210 horsepower out of
that little four-cylinder turbocharged
power box that comes with 207 pound-feet
of torque with a squat stance and the
great handling that makes it a zero to
60 mile per hour in less than seven
seconds you can do much better than that
if you're a great driver rather than
just a marginal racecar driver like me
it has great tire burning capability and
a really muscular German sound you put
all those great attributes into a VW Bug
and that seems kind of ludicrous until
you take it out and actually drive it
around town I drove it from Pine bluffs
here all the way up to alman across down
85 into Cheyenne and back across the
freeway across IAT and highway 30
I also took it on several highways going
into Nebraska going south towards
Colorado and roundabouts all the way up
to LaGrange going north in a week's time
with this car I put four hundred and
seventy-five miles on it that is how
much fun this car is that should tell
you something the great thing about this
car though is every woman looks at you
now I'm married but it's still nice to
be looked at
and when you have women of all ages all
descriptions and all levels of hotness
looking at you that just says something
about the car that you're in because I
know it's not me and having a
convertible that is just icing on the
hotness cake everywhere I went I stopped
for gas I stopped to get a soda waiting
at a stoplight whatever
there were people asking me questions
about this car I haven't had that since
I drove the Chevrolet Volt last year so
that says a lot about this car I could
keep going on and on about that stuff
the VW convertible turbo can rival the
best of the muscle cars and many of the
best sports cars on the road and of
course it's not really a Porsche it's
not a Lamborghini but I guaran-damn-tee
that in this car you can rival most of
the other muscle cars that are coming
off the factory floor at about this
price range if you go head-to-head
against a Mustang against a Camaro
against you know any of these muscle
cars I guarantee that this car will give
a good showing for itself and a lot of
that comes because Volkswagen of course
owns Porsche and they learn a lot from
Porsche and put a lot of that into
building this car I did the freeway
on-ramp outside of Pine bluffs here from
0 to 97 miles an hour that is very
impressive I have not been able to do
that in any other sports car that I have
had so far as a test drive quarter-mile
speed is over a hundred I did a hundred
and three somebody who's a better driver
than me could probably beat that by 3 or
4 miles an hour easily you can bark the
tires you can even smoke the tires if
you know what you're doing you can bark
the tires easily if you know how to run
the hand brake a little bit you can
smoke them and it's just great fun to
hear the engine making that Teutonic
growling noise as the turbo meter just
starts going up and up and around to
make it short the VW Beetle convertible
turbo is definitely not your mom's
nostalgia mobile wandering around town
and a little air-conditioned flower
putting grooviness it's way more than
that and all those cliches are out the
window so what I'm telling you is if you
have the chance dump all of your notions
about what you think this car is get in
it and drive it it's a man
so fun driving it may not be the thing
that you think is awesome you may not
think it's the prettiest coolest car on
the road but I guarantee if you're
driving this all the ladies think it's
the coolest car on the road and every
one of them will want to ride with you
there are very few far that I can name
that are this fun and the same level of
babe magnet really this is an awesome
car you need to give it a shot out here
in Wyoming cars like this are not the
norm we don't see them as often so it's
even cooler because of that for the
driving in Wyoming podcast this has been
aaron from aaron on autos comm talk to
you again next week